hey guys and welcome to a new video so
this is 1000 crystal keys at the elf
city crystal chest now if you're
familiar with the original crystal chess
in the taverley area or whatever um this
is basically kind of like the same
concept you get a crystal key use it on
the chest and you get some loot and
every single loot has a uncut dragon
stone just like the original but this
one has I feel like upgraded loot and
also you have a chance of elf city
related items especially if you're on
the voice of Saren so I believe 99% of
these chests were on the voice of sarin
I might have missed right at the end
because I was like you know struggling
to finish these thousand keys right
before it ended I might have done maybe
ten keys or something without the voice
of sarin but that really doesn't matter
because all it does is just increase
your chance of getting the elf City
related items like corrupted or
motherlode shards and the tree blossoms
which in my opinion for my play style
only one out of those three is really
useful but to other people you know all
three might be useful it's really up to
your play style if they're worth getting
or not so if you want to you don't
technically have to do it on the voice
their voice of sarin but I did now for
actually doing it what I did was i
teleported to the max killed every time
I had to bank with my comp cape and then
I use the crystal teleport seed to
teleport to the ire worth section of elf
City and the chest was right there so it
was really quick banking and I brought
15 keys with me on each trip I brought I
yak as well because you get a bunch of
like multi amounts of loot per key so
you your inventory fills up you got to
put some uncut regen stones and rune
items and such in your in your yak so
you have to bank all the time and I feel
like 15 to 16 or so Keys is probably the
best and another thing if you're going
to do this I definitely recommend
bringing a gem bag because then you can
fill it with your diamonds and rubies
and really saves inventory spots because
every time you get that and you don't
have a gem bag it's kind of a troll
because it's like aux fills your
inventory and every time you're at less
than six inventory slots you have to do
a warning message that's really annoying
I don't know if you can turn that off I
really have not found an option to turn
it off but there might be an option
somewhere but so just try to keep six
inventory slots and you'll be fine but
yeah I mean most of the loot you're not
making your money back but as you'll see
in the you know the price check later
I'll explain stuff like that but it
really wasn't too bad it was kind of fun
to see if I could get a dragon stone
armor piece which if you do not know
what those are it's a really rare item
from either Crystal chest or crystal
true scallions and the drop rates are
very very rare for the crystal keys it's
one in six thousand eight hundred and
one you know keys and then also for the
eat your scallions it's one in nine
hundred or something like that and these
were confirmed by Maude Timbo actually
pretty recently so I'm not making these
things up so yeah I'm doing like a
sample size of like a thousand I'm not
going to do the statistics to see the
chance of me getting it in the 1000 but
you guys probably know I'm probably not
going to get one in just a thousand if
the drop rates like 1 in 7,000 I'd have
to be quite lucky to get that but they
are really expensive items because
they're one of the best items in
free-to-play for armor and you know
they're just the rare factor makes them
expensive but sadly I didn't get any on
this loot video and I didn't get any on
my other loot video so I'm mm dry which
really is not that much dry because if
you know if you're considering it's one
of the 7000 so I mean if I ever come
back to this you know do another
thousand on a different chest that like
comes out let's say I don't know some
other chest that's upgraded you know
maybe I can get it then but I'm not
gonna probably go and just hunt for it
because the chances are just so rare but
yeah I just grind it through these
things and I banked everything counted
up the drops and finish the 1000 so
let's go into the price check and see
how much I made or even lost so I
finished the crystal keys it wasn't that
bad like I explained in the earlier
clips but obviously you get the 1000
dragon stones automatically from the
keys and then you get an assortment of
all this loot like you know 10% you get
rune plate legs 10% you get these rune
films and kite shields and various seeds
and stuff like that but the only
difference between this chest and the
you know taverley chest is there are
some different lutes here and there but
generally it's around the same not too
different and then there's also the
corrupted or you can get the mother lode
shards and then the tree blossom so I
did get a bunch of the corrupted or I
got like 4700 and it basically gives you
like afk smithing
the like any furnace but it's better to
do at the L city place because if you do
it on the voice of Teheran you get 30
more experience so it actually is pretty
decent that you use these and then these
motherlode shards you can use to get a
free mother lode ma like pick every
single day instead of getting one per
day you can get two I'll probably just
be using those slowly
that's like 41 days so it's going to
last a while and then I actually didn't
just get one I did get 75 of these tree
blossoms you know they're just not
notable so I just have one to show you
guys um you can also get them from this
crystal tree that I do every day in the
first place so I got almost like 200 of
these things and I honestly don't think
I'm ever really going to use them it's
just kind of cool to have like a stack
but you can use them on the perfect +
potion which gives you all the juju
potion boosts for 4 hours or something
so it's very good it's just I don't
really need to use that per se I think I
rambled enough on this loot let's see
how much I lost because for sure guys I
lost money on this I did not make any
profit I can guarantee that so there you
go fifty four point nine mil it might be
different when I actually sell it
because uh because of double experience
weekend some of these items might not be
the you know med price or whatever but
yeah I spent sixty two mil on the keys
and yeah I got 55 million seven mil the
keys are actually like sixty-five
sixty-six K and the GE but I did buy
them very slowly for the 62 k each
amount so I did save like three mil or
something you know pretty decent there
but honestly if I did end up losing
seven mil or whatever this is I think
it's worth the corrupted or because the
corrupted or even though that will take
probably three hours to finish it's
super AF K and that's like 700 K
smithing right there
I finished selling and it looks like I
am at fifty four point three mill so
that's like 600 K or something lower
than what I priced checked for and
that's mainly from the diamonds and the
rubies surprisingly I thought that would
be a little bit higher than the Med
price because of the double experience
weekend coming up but actually there are
a lot less like rubies I had a sell for
like half the price I don't know if it's
just the market today or they're just
not worth buying right now I really
don't know but that's where I lost most
of the chunk of my money from the actual
initial price check but it looks like
you know sixty four nineteen fifty four
point three mil
I spent 62 so that's like still only 7.7
milliwatts that's not too bad if you ask
me because if you watch my original 1000
crystal key loot video that I did that
you know taverley that was like last
year actually I lost 14 million on that
loot video so I lost half my money this
time and you know most of that's
probably from double experienced weekend
and be in this chest being better you
know it's just probably better and then
you know I also get this technically
free smoothing experience if you
discount the cost it's pretty much
you're just buying the smithing
experience if you really think about it
it that way it would probably be like 10
GP per experience if I just spent you
know eight mil I'll probably get 800 K
experience from it you know it's like 10
GP per experience it you don't have to
spend that extra time doing the keys and
then you get really AFK smithing so I
guess that's that's a plus these model
little shards might be useful if you
like doing the mod and you want to get
like free potion running a herbal or
potion recipes for all of the
combination potions so those could help
and then these tree blossoms are very
good if you want to do the perfect plus
potion this was really fun and I hope
this video serves as like an educational
thing to show that crystal keys are
probably better just to sell off unless
you're feeling lucky so if you want to
you can go check my channel for other
loot videos like this but either way I
will see you guys in the next video have
a good day